docs: add Vitest documentation (#796)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/vitest/targeted-snapshots.md

import { render } from "vitest-browser-react";
import { takeSnapshot } from "@chromatic-com/vitest"; // [!code highlight]
import { Accordion } from "../src/components/Accordion";

test("Can open accordion", async () => {
  await render(<Accordion header="Example header">Example content</Accordion>);

  const toggle = page.getByRole("button", { name: "Example header" });
  const content = page.getByText("Example content");

  // Open accordion, content should become visible
  await toggle.click();
  await expect.element(content).toBeInTheDocument();

  // Call takeSnapshot to take an archive "snapshot"
  // of the component at this point in the test.
  await takeSnapshot(); // [!code highlight]

  // Close accordion, content should become hidden
  await toggle.click();
  await expect.element(content).not.toBeInTheDocument();

  // You can call takeSnapshot multiple times if necessary.
  // To help disambiguate, you can give the snapshot a name,
  // which is passed as the first argument to takeSnapshot.
  await takeSnapshot("closed"); // [!code highlight]
});
```

Chromatic integration provides `waitForIdleNetwork` utility function that can be used before you take manual snapshots.

> It will resolve once network has been idle for given time, meaning no new network requests started during that period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chromatic integration provides a `waitForIdleNetwork` utility function that can be used before you take manual snapshots.
It will resolve once the network has been idle for a given time, meaning no new network requests started during that period.
```

```tsx title="test/accordion.test.tsx"
import { test, expect } from "vitest";
import { page } from "vitest/browser";
import { render } from "vitest-browser-react";
import { takeSnapshot, waitForIdleNetwork } from "@chromatic-com/vitest"; // [!code highlight]
import { Accordion } from "../src/components/Accordion";

test("image inside accordion", async () => {
  await render(
    <Accordion header="Example header">
      <img
        alt="Vitest logo"
        src="https://www.chromatic.com/integrations/vitest.svg"
      />
    </Accordion>,
  );

  const toggle = page.getByRole("button", { name: "Example header" });
  const image = page.getByRole("image", { name: "Vitest logo" });

  // Open accordion, image should become visible
  await toggle.click();
  await expect.element(image).toBeInTheDocument();

  // Wait for image to finish loading. If it's not ready in 1000ms, error out.

>   await waitForIdleNetwork(1_000); // [!code highlight]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  await waitForIdleNetwork(1000); // [!code highlight]
```

  await takeSnapshot("accordion open with image inside");
});
```

Network request state is polled in intervals of `idleNetworkInterval` in milliseconds. Default value is 100ms.
This can be configured on Chromatic plugin's options:

> ```ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts title="vitest.config.ts"
```

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [chromaticPlugin({ idleNetworkInterval: 50 })],
});
```

## Limiting included tests using tags

By default the `chromaticPlugin` applies its test setup for all test cases that the Vitest project runs.
If your Vitest projects contains test cases that should not be covered by visual regression, this introduces unnecessary performance overhead.

> You can limit the test inclusion using `tags` option. In your Vitest configuration, define `tags: string[]` in the plugin options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the `chromaticPlugin` applies its test setup for all test cases that the Vitest project runs.
If your Vitest project contains test cases that should not be visually tested, this introduces unnecessary performance overhead.

You can limit test inclusion using the `tags` option. In your Vitest configuration, define `tags: string[]` in the plugin options.
```

```ts title="vitest.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from "vitest/config";
import { chromaticPlugin } from "@chromatic-com/vitest/plugin";

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [
    chromaticPlugin({
      // Apply test setups needed for visual regression only for
      // test cases that have following tag:
      tags: ["visual-regression"], // [!code highlight]
    }),
  ],
});
```

> Then use the configured tag in your test cases that should be included in visual regression. See [Test Tags | Vitest](https://vitest.dev/guide/test-tags.html#using-tags-in-tests) for detailed documentation about tags usage.

Reviewer: @winkerVSbecks @jonniebigodes — Pinging you to make sure this isn't using a convention I'm unaware of.

```suggestion
Then use the configured tag in your test cases that should be included in visual regression. See [Vitest's tags documention](https://vitest.dev/guide/test-tags.html#using-tags-in-tests) for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: no, your suggestion is good
